Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Hey.
I fell asleep in front of
the TV waiting for you.
Are you
coming home tonight?
Or should I
just go to bed alone?
Do you remember
the noodle stand downtown?
That little street kid
heard us arguing
and he kept trying to sell you
flowers to make up with me?
Yeah.
That boy went missing
a week ago.
I'm leaving the van
near there.
Why?
I love you. Navin.
but I have to go.
I haven't seen you
in days. Matia.
Just come home--
Hey! She's there!
Run!
Run! Go! Go! Go!
What a waste.
That boy is dead because of you.
Doesn't matter. I'll just pick
up another one. you know?
Fuck. It's late.
I got to get home to my wife.
Hey. take her downstairs.
I want to know
how she got in here.
- Thank you.
-Bye-bye.
I have good news.
Found you a buyer
out of Eastport.
A rich one.
How many?
Thank you.
Three's a piece of cake.
Thirty.
I need a favor.
Get me a meeting with your boss.
Can you do that?
See you.
Matia Pham
alleged a connection
between numerous
kidnapping cases
in a livestream
to her followers
shortly before
her disappearance
earlier this year.
The police
want to treat these cases
like isolated incidents.
but if you take a step back
to look at these families'
social and economic status.
and the neighborhoods
where these kids go missing.
there is an obvious pattern.
I'm talking about a
coordinated effort
to target kids
from some of the city's
poorest communities.
Asked about
Pham's allegations.
a law enforcement...
...spokesperson told
our reporter that.
as a matter of policy.
the agency will not comment
on ongoing investigations.
Coming up: A breakthrough
in renewable energy
that will power your home
at half the cost.
I have good news.
Found you a buyer
out of Eastport.
A rich one.
Get him inside!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Hey!
Grab her. idiot!
Faster. faster!
Sir?
You're bleeding on my counter.
If you've had an accident.
there's a hospital
down the street.
"Big bald guy..."
If you need to report a crime.
take a seat over there.
Okay?
There's always time.
sir.
Just slow down--
Hey! Don't do that again! Okay?
-What's going on here?
-I don't know.
Something about a kidnapping.
But I told him to wait.
Come with me.
What the hell is
going on around here?
Captain. this man's daughter's
been kidnapped.
He's got a license plate
and a perp description.
It doesn't look like
a report to me.
Look.
we have procedures here.
I'll hang on to this.
If we come over something.
my guys will get a hold of you.
No driver's license.
No employment history.
No criminal record.
Like he appeared
out of thin air.
Probably a fugitive.
Who are you?
Stop. Stop.
Go!
Keep the boss
in a good mood.
he'll agree to anything.
Just be cool.
Have a drink. enjoy the girls.
Hey!
Get up. big boy!
I brought a guest.
Hi.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-oh.
Hold on a minute.
You stay.
Stop!
Mr. Song.
Finally. a man that might know
how to get me what I want.
-Sit.
-Thank you.
Ah... So...
You want...
- Thirty for the weekend?
- Longer.
That's some kind of
big party. huh?
It's not a party.
Shrimp boats.
My partner does business
in Eastport.
Thirty kids. That's. uh...
Shit. that's like shipping
a fucking school bus. man.
We understand.
That's why we're offering you
a very good deal.
Three times the market price.
All in cash. USD?
All cash. USD.
With one small requirement.
Mr. Song.
I have to hand-pick them myself.
Ah. that's not
gonna work. cowboy.
Well... commercial fishing is
a competitive industry.
I need your best.
and I just have to make sure.
So. let me get this straight.
You want to come...
to my spot. right?
Shop around like it's.
uh. some fruit stand...
and then pay me later?
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
If you're a cop.
you're either new
or too stupid
to be on my payroll.
Mr. Song...
Let me put it this way.
I'm just a messenger here.
My partner's waiting for me.
and you're wasting
my fucking time...
Boss.
His fucking time.
Your fucking time.
Your fucking time?
I like you!
If you want to pick 'em.
cowboy...
I'll take you there myself.
-Let's go!
-All right. Sit down! Party!
Hey. slow down there. man.
Hey. this is a private party.
Hey!
Listen. buddy.
it's invitation-only up here.
-Turn around.
-Fuck off!
Okay...
Hey! Hey! Hey!
He's got a gun!
Come on! You want money?
Kill him! Go fucking kill him!
Mr. Song. that's
got nothing to do with me. I--
Kill this fucker! Now!
Mr. Song! Mr. Song!
Fuck!
Enjoy the party. asshole!
Fucking asshole!
Who are you?
Huh?
All right.
Wait!
I'm not one of them.
Okay?
You're looking for someone.
So am I.
We've gotta get out of here.
Come on!
I can't give you this. okay?
But I can show
you what's on it. all right?
You vouched for a rat.
Boss. please.
Come here. boy.
Watch your father die.
You know the drill.
Freeze this bastard.
No! I'm sorry! Boss!
Boss. I'm sorry!
Father said
the bad ones get punished.
Hey! Hey! Enough. big guy.
Your father wants them
shipped out alive.
You know you ruined two months
of my hard work. right?
At least say something.
Enough with the quiet.
tough guy act.
What are you?
A mute?
Huh? You know him?
Song picked him up young.
Threw him into the ring
between rounds as a joke.
He's a poster boy
for head trauma.
This guy. Mr. Song.
You know him. too?
Come with me.
Sorry about the mess.
I've kinda been
living back here.
Mr. Song is the biggest
human trafficker in the city.
My wife is a journalist.
This is everything
she's gathered about
Song's operation so far.
She went missing
while investigating this case.
Her name is Matia.
May I?
I haven't had time to go through
everything she left behind.
She knew Song was
organizing the kidnappings.
He moves the kids around while
he checks out potential buyers.
What?
What is it?
Same truck.
The refrigeration truck
makes deliveries everywhere.
The insulation would make them
completely soundproof.
The factory's an hour
outside the city. Come on.
All this in plain sight.
Hey. hey! What are you doing?
There could be
a hundred guys in there.
You won't save your daughter
by being impulsive.
We wait.
What do you suggest?
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Father says. "No trespassing."
Bitch!
Die!
What the fu--
You are in my fucking house!
Shit!
Eat shit and die!
On my fucking day off.
You again?
Ah. shit!
Hey!
Ah. I see you!
Enough!
Are you crazy?
Song's the only lead
we have left!
Killing him won't get you
any closer to your daughter!
She might still be alive.
And we're getting closer.
Listen close.
You can hear
your little girl's heartbeat.
Have you chosen a name?
Um... Mirai. It means "future."
Baby Mirai...
Oh. excuse me.
What?
A fight
broke out at your
father-in-law's factory
and Song's not answering
the phone.
Sounds like that Chinese mute.
looking for his daughter.
I'm still trying
to identify the other guy.
The old man will want to know
how security failed.
He'll want to hear it from you.
Face to face.
You all trusted me.
I want you to know I take
that responsibility seriously.
The factory was empty.
I'd already moved the cargo
somewhere else
after the break-in at the club.
I mean. sure. a few men died.
but we didn't lose anything
of value.
Your investment remains secure.
If there is
any additional expense.
I'll cut it
from my own earnings.
All I want
is to do right by the family.
This fool is reckless.
You...
fucking motherfu--
Hey!
We need him awake. I got this.
Mr. Song...
I've been investigating you
for months.
I know everything about you.
Listen. my friend back there
wants his little girl back.
So if you don't talk...
...the whole world is
gonna know who you are.
and how you make your money.
Even if we let you live...
you won't last long.
What are you?
A reporter? Huh?
You know what happened
to the last bitch
that said she was a reporter?
Your kind... You get in...
deep over your head. man.
What the fuck did you say?
Is it her?
Tell me what you know right now.
I don't know shit.
Tell me what you know about her.
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know!
I've just heard
about her from
the guys at the Snake Pit.
No one's getting out alive.
What the fuck is the Snake Pit?
Get the boat ready!
I'll be there in half-hour!
Where are you going. Mr. Song?
I heard something about boats.
You're going to the pier?
What did you tell
the Chinese mute?
The freezer truck's over there.
Find another way in.
I'm checking
the kids now.
Yeah.
They're asking for you.
sweetheart.
Come on. Get down here.
Go! Go!
Go!
Hello. everyone.
My name is Navin.
I've been posting
under Matia's account
for the last few months.
My name is Navin.
I've been posting
under Matia's account
for the last few months.
I'm streaming from
a location out on the west
side called the Snake Pit.
Matia discovered
kidnapped children are
being held against their will.
And I think
she's in there. too.
If there's anyone out there
seeing this stream.
please share it.
We need people on the street
to have any chance
of exposing the men
that did this.
Sergeant! Sergeant!
Look at this!
Oh. my God!
We've gotta get out of here!
They're coming!
Come on!
I'll stay.
Your job is done here.
Mine is not.
Now get her out of here.
Go!
Where are they?
Over here!
This way!
Yadong!
What the hell are you doing?
Stand down.
There's video of children
being held here.
I saw it myself.
God damn it!
Get that stupid idea
out of your head.
- and clear this street!
- Hey. stop!
Stop right there!
Stand aside.
Captain. you can't be serious?
Stay together.
We're leaving.
Come on!
This way. Over here. Over there!
Let's go! Go! Hurry! Run!
Go! Go!
- Watch your step.
- Go!
- Stay together!
- Hurry!
Let's go.
Come on!
Let's use this!
Slowly.
Next one.
Squad one
and two. come with me.
I told you.
I'm not authorizing this.
You can't deny what's happening!
Take her away!
Sacha! I'm ordering you!
I heard you!
Sergeant.
Yadong!
Cover the exit!
Follow me! This way. this way!
Come on!
Freeze!
Drop your weapons! Drop it now!
That's what you get. asshole!
Get him
the hell off our streets!
Officer.
Did you guys find this woman
inside the building?
She's the journalist
whose work led us here.
Mm-mm.
Unrest broke out earlier
when police responded
to the live-stream rescue
of dozens
of trafficked children
from a westside district
building
owned by local tycoon
Kun Tai Luo.
The company's issued
a statement to the press
promising a thorough
investigation
on how the leased building--
Yes?
I'll be right there.
My daddy's looking for you.
All of his partners are here.
What's going on?
Everything is fine.
I'll see you in our room.
You wanted to see me. sir?
The Captain is here
to take you into custody.
We all need to save face.
As one father to another...
you disgust me.
If it were guns or drugs.
I would understand.
But children?
So. when I make you money.
I'm family. but when
shit hits the fan...
I disgust you?
Boss. I told you
this kid was trouble!
Now we're left
to clean up your mess!
Hey! Are you crazy?
Let me go! I'm a cop. damn it!
I brought you into my home!
I gave you my daughter!
Why?
Sergeant. Coffee.
Thank you.
Mr. Wang. here's your statement.
If there aren't any issues.
sign at the bottom.
I can testify that you acted
in self-defense.
But I can't
officially release you
until you've been granted bail.
which may not be
until tomorrow morning.
I hope you understand.
We'll look after your daughter.
You don't have parents?
Who are you. really?
Father...
Hey...
We saved a lot of kids today.
All because
you chose to come back.
Thank you.
My wife called
the night she disappeared.
We had an argument
and she walked out.
I wanted to leave this country
for good.
Find somewhere safe.
Raise our own family.
Basically. to save ourselves.
She was obsessed with
finding all these missing kids.
I had no idea how close she was
until after she was gone.
So. when I find her someday...
I hope she can forgive me.
Nice work today.
Do I get a promotion?
Boss.
Five minutes.
Hey.
Hey!
God. I'll be glad
when this renovation's done.
Let me go check the breaker box.
Don't make a sound.
My father...
I'll check on him.
For now. just stay quiet
and don't go anywhere. okay?
The key!
Try to reach it.
Hold on. Hold on.
Keep pushing.
Stop!
I said. "Stop!"
Put down your weapon!
Ah.
you must be the Chinese mute.
Finally.
You know. I was
going to be a father?
But you guys
took that away from me.
You killed Father! You!
Your "father"?
Seriously?
Did you really think that
fucking cowboy was your father?
You weren't his son.
Get that through
your thick skull!
No! Father said--
You're evil!
Oh. that reporter...
Did you give her this ring?
Such beautiful eyes...
She died very slowly.
You want this?
Take it back.
Come on. Come on.
My friend...
I found her.
I found...
Now you'll know how it feels
to see your daughter die.
All this pain and suffering--
This is your fate.
Accept it.
Mirai...
I've got to go home.
I've got to get back
to my wife and daughter.
Hey... See you.
Mirai...
We brought down
the entire trafficking ring.
I still don't even
know your name.
My mysterious friend.
Hmm.
If you're brave enough
to change yourself...
you can change the world.
Wang Wei.
♪ If I feel a little alone ♪
♪ Bitch ♪
♪ Don't spit it out ♪
- ♪ Bitch ♪
- ♪ Little snake ♪
♪ Don't spit it out ♪
- ♪ Bitch ♪
- ♪ Little snake ♪
♪ Nigga blessed with the game ♪
♪ Don't know his name ♪
♪ Roll through the club
With his gold chain ♪
♪ Maintain things
On the block ♪
♪ Rep the whole game ♪
♪ Everything swing low
Wise like an old man ♪
♪ Old man old man
I'm in the cabana ♪
♪ Rockin' Dolce Gabbana
Smoke marijuana ♪
♪ Blaze with the blunts
And the bottle ♪
♪ I bring the heat
If you want it ♪
♪ Get it. Bitch ♪
♪ Don't just spit it out ♪
♪ Shakin' the spot
With the cash in my hand ♪
♪ I needed to front
Like a need an advance ♪
♪ Did it to do it
But never mistaken ♪
♪ I did it for bands. uh-uh ♪
- ♪ Better check on your man ♪
- ♪ Go ♪
♪ Go ♪
♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
♪ Watch it watch it ♪
- ♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
- ♪ Little Little Snake ♪
♪ Watch it watch it. ya ♪
♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
♪ Watch. watch. watch
Watch it. watch it ♪
- ♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
- ♪ Little Little Snake. ya ♪
♪ Little Little Snake. ya ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-